To me, the Internet is not just virtual. It is real as it showcases what is best about human interactions and leads us to discover what is interesting about others. 

I first realized this when my live commenting system was used at a Christmas eve performance. Within clicks, user comments were projected onto a screen, for all to see before sliding away as newer comments took their place. That night, comments dominated the screen, giving teenagers a chance to show their brilliance and escape loneliness. I felt happy hearing the crowd’s cheerful responses to the performance onstage, as through my creation, audiences, who used to passively accept performances, became a part of them. With those tiny texts, their voices reached others, which in turn sparked responses in their peers, so that we were no longer islands in the sea, but a network of voices and ideas. In a nutshell, I empowered the audience with the ability to ‘use’ the performance as a basis for deeper interactions with others.

The internet had previously benefitted me in a similar manner. Learning programming from scratch, I stumbled upon a world of abundant resources, as enthusiasts shared everything they knew to help newcomers. Their passion and willingness to help others impressed me, and they let me know that I could always realize my potential. All I had to do was to take the intiative to ask, instead of struggling to debug or learn new concepts all on my own. This inspired me to create the live commenting system in turn, to encourage others to connect, thereby forming a positive feedback loop and establishing further connections within networks. 

However, the larger reality often contradicts my experience. Under the banner of connecting the world, products of tech giants often weaken the connections between us. Our interactions become fragile and mechanical, and genuine emotions vanish. For instance, Google Photos has a feature called "Suggested Sharing." It can recommend which photos to share and with whom, based on who is in them and who you often contact. Or even better, it can automatically send photos to designated people. All you have to do is to click a button. Seems handy, does't it? However, this time-saver can "save" a meaningful relationship too. Imagine receiving photos from a friend who uses this feature, do you still feel the same happiness of being noticed and cared for? It could be just an unintentional click anyway. The same goes for you. Do you still bother taking the time to choose photos and recollect memories? In some way, this feature of Google Photos nullifies the meaning of sharing, degenerating into the random noise of finger movements and automated actions. It deprives users of their autonomy in making meaningful connections to others.

As someone who grew up in the age of internet, and who has benefitted so much from it, I'm unwilling to see technology diminish the connections between people. Instead, I want to preserve what’s best about it and build on its ability to offer users a highly customized, personalized experience that would heighten what we treasure most about human interactions, instead of bringing out the automaton in them. To do so, I created a personalized reading app that provides high-quality articles from Zhihu, a popular social Q&A website, which enables users to access the content most relevant to them in the least amount of time. Readers can discover their favorite authors and subscribe to their articles, gaining a stable source for reading without the hassle. It is not only a source of connections to passionate people, but also a source of connections to their better parts, letting them become more intellectual and less boring. On the other hand, with the saved time, they can redirect it for the offline world, developing more stable connections with their significant ones. Two benefits in one app! It is also about preserving my belief in the power and agency of individuals and communities, who can take positive steps to create the code and products that are now so fundamental to our daily, social lives, instead of relinquishing it to the tech giants. Together and connected, we can have real impact on the Internet, preserving it as the hub of genuine connections. The stigma associated with technology can be lessened, and the Internet, after brutally growing for nobody but its own sake, can return to its track on providing a uniting force for all of us, making us closer but no farther.  
