__Prompt__: Describe two or three of your current intellectual interests and why they are exciting to you. Why will Cornell's College of Arts and Sciences be the right environment in which to pursue your interests? (Please limit your response to _650 words_.)

Cornell's commitment to creating impact on important problems, by interweaving the liberal arts tradition and technological solutions, distinguishes itself as the top choice for me. A socially-minded technologist, I have critically inquired the role of science and technology in society and created works that promote positive changes. At Cornell, I will further explore the theoretical possibilities of technology and, with the support of its world-class computer science program and its promise of public engagement, transform my visions into considerable progress.

Through the Science and Technology Studies (STS) program at Cornell, I will be able to examine the broader implications of science. A research project about the philosophy of science during the early modern period led me to the field of STS. In the project, I explored how the new scientific method and the resulted increasing explanatory power of physics caused the diminishing importance of religious belief among the scientific community. Viewing science as a driven force behind the change of values offered me a higher-level understanding in the value of science. The new perspective strengthened my confidence to pursue the STEM field for promoting progressive ideals. Therefore, I will like to enroll in "The History of Science in Europe: Newton to Darwin; Darwin to Einstein" to continue my quest for analyzing the philosophical and social implications of science. The course, focused on the modern period, will give me an extended understanding of the scientific development and its role in shaping the modern society. The integrated knowledge of the interaction between science and the broader reality will allow me to accurately examine its societal impact in the advent of new science and prepare me as a scientifically informed citizen in the 21st century.

After I discovered STS, I found that the subject would perfectly support my interest in analyzing the influence of technology on the progress of society. A constant benefitter and practicer of information technology, I have always appreciated its contribution to a world with a more egalitarian access to information. However, in recent years, algorithms that intended to provide personalized user experience have created the "filter bubble" that has distorted the source of information, polarized opinions and threatened civic discourse. Such devastating effects have prompted me to act against them using the same power of technology, and my actions have transformed into a project that supplies evidence-based and informative writing with machine learning that serves as a foundation for constructive debate. Apart from practical moves, since then I have been preoccupied with the big questions of technology: What will be the impact when a technology is evaluated based on a single metric like the additional clicks it brings? How can we avoid possible negative outcomes for a well-intended technology? I am thrilled to see that the course "Designing Technology for Social Impact" will guide me to approach these questions with an analytical lens. I will learn how the design decisions of a technology can inherently incorporate certain values that can produce lasting social influence, and how unconscious biases can hide in good intentions that lead to undesirable results. The inquiry of values embodied in technology will become an asset for me to design new technology that reflects positive changes in values.

With the deepened understanding of technology for social goods, I will benefit from Cornell's prestigious computer science department that will further my ability to create practical impact. Delivering research that matters, the department generates cutting-edge research outcomes that can counter the distorting effect of the "filter bubble." Specifically, I would like to research under Professor Lillian Lee, on using natural language processing to identify biases in online articles and analyzing interaction dynamics in online discussions. These works can be later incorporated into my project that will strengthen its effectiveness in providing bias-free articles that can foster good-faith dialogue. Ready for real-life situations, my project will have a chance to win wider recognition with Cornell's support on public engagement. The Center for Transformative Action, an affiliated NGO, supports projects that tackle inequalities which include my program. Its connections to the local community can aid me to reach out disadvantaged people who will benefit the most from the access to high-quality, unbiased information. The opportunity will be the first step for me to transform theories into tangible impact, that will start from the community and end beyond the border of physical space.