__Prompt__: How will you explore your intellectual and academic interests at the University of Pennsylvania?  Please answer this question given the specific undergraduate school to which you are applying. (_400-650 words_)

When I attended the Engineering Summer Academy at Penn, I noticed the prevalence of Benjamin Franklin. His statues scatter over Penn's campus, he is memorized by Penn's shield, and even in the two information sessions I have attended, admission officers emphasized how his spirit characterized Penn's education. Indeed, the deep links between Franklin and Penn make the university one of a kind. A polymath and a practical leader, Franklin was able to approach pressing issues with his rich knowledge in multiple disciplines, which transformed into his social works and eventual making of a new nation. Similarly, Penn emphasizes interdisciplinary education and transformative action, which will help me approach my own big question: Does technology promote the pursuit of knowledge? I've attempted an answer by inquiring about the role of technology in society and creating software as experiments. I believe with Penn's emphasis on historical discovery, technological inquiry, and practical impact, I will discover paths that might lead to a critical and grounded answer to my question.

Through the interdisciplinary Science and Technology Studies (STS) program at Penn, I can examine the importance of technology as it relates to the progress of science. I first learned about this field when conducting ﻿a research project about the history of science during the early modern period. I explored how the rise of empiricism and the improvement of experimental technology facilitated the spread of new scientific outcomes. With results based on more detailed observations and more accuracy when replicating studies, peer review became more feasible and scientists achieved consensus faster. I was thrilled to see that even at the dawn of modern science, technical advancement was already a part of the scientific approach to fundamental truth, a discovery that has made me believe that there's a positive answer to my question. Therefore, I will like to enroll in "History of 19th and 20th Century Physical Sciences" to continue my quest in understanding the acceleration of science. The course, which focuses on the modern period, will give me an extended understanding of the development of experimental technology in shaping modern science. Historical knowledge of the interaction between technology and science will give me a way to understand our ability to search for truth in light of emergent technology.

STS would also support my interest in analyzing the influence of technology in spreading important information in society. I've benefited tremendously from information technology and have always appreciated its contribution to a world with more egalitarian access to information. However, in recent years, algorithms intended at providing personalized user experiences have created a "filter bubble" that has distorted the source of information, polarized opinions and threatened civic discourse. Such devastating effects have prompted me to act using the same power of technology, through a project that supplies evidence-based and informative writing with machine learning that serves as a foundation for constructive debate. Through the course "Computers, Ethics, and Social Values", I will learn how design decisions about technology can inherently incorporate certain values that can produce lasting social influence, and how unconscious biases, despite good intentions, can lead to undesirable results. Inquiring about the values embodied in technology will spur me to design technological products that promote accessibility to reliable sources of information.

Encouraged by Penn's emphasis on practical impact and public outreach, I hope to improve my current project on customized reading experiences to attract a larger user base. My project will have a chance to win wider recognition with Penn's support in public engagement. Design for America, a student organization, supports projects that tackle inequalities and its connections to the local community can aid me in reaching out to people who will benefit most from accessing high-quality, unbiased information. This opportunity will be a crucial first step for me to transform theory into applications that have a tangible impact on a community.