__Prompt__: The quality of Rice's academic life and the Residential College System are heavily influenced by the unique life experiences and cultural traditions each student brings. What personal perspective would you contribute to life at Rice?  (_500 word_ limit)

If you could see a typical conversation with my parents when I barely began to talk in a "language," it might confuse you as much as it did to me. When I talked with my dad, I spoke Mandarin. With my mom, I spoke Cantonese. When I talked with both at the same time, I would pause for seconds, choosing the language to use. It was so bizarre only because, though both of them could understand Mandarin and Cantonese, my dad's Cantonese was broken, and my mom's Mandarin was not excellent either. Therefore, they both sticked to their preferred langauges, and I, adapting to their speech, learned two native languages. However, I often hesitated before talking. I worried that I might use the wrong one.

After I entered elementary school in Guangzhou, an hour's drive from my birthplace, language switch was less usual, yet another kind of hesitation continued. Worse, it grew into anxiety. "You sound so weird," a girl laughed when I tried to strike up a conversation in Cantonese. Maybe I had mixed parts of Mandarin into it. Maybe I carried a different accent from another town. Regardless, for the first time, it struck me that how I spoke was wrong, and she was not the only one who thought so, but rather a representative of "authentic" Cantonese. The pride my parents had and in what my grandaunt always said, "My boy speaks both Mandarin and Cantonese so well!", was a bias toward their child in contrast. Since then, I tended to avoid speaking Cantonese outside of home, yet regardless of the context, when I activated my Cantonese tongue, I was anxious, "Do I sound weird?"

My funny Cantonese bothered me less gradually. Hiding it for years, I thought less about it, and my enhancing English skills compensated my feeling of inadequacy. Eventually I got into an international school. Driven to maintain my good English grades, I actively participated in Mr. C's class. A charming native speaker, he asked me questions that I enjoyed answering, despite a sense of unsafety that accompanied: Did my accent bother him? Yes, the ghost of insecurity lingered on and haunted me even in another language. Pretending to be pro-active, I sought suggestions from him on improving my accent.

"Actually I don't think you have to do that," he seemed surprised under his characteristic smile, "you just sound right to me."

To say I was surprised too was an understatement. An approval from a native speaker on my accent! I felt even more astonished after I knew Mr. C's personal story. Moving to New York from the southern US, he had to adjust his accent to sound clear, but neither he nor New Yorkers had wrong accents. "They are simply different," he explained.

After that conversation, I have allowed Cantonese as a choice at school. It makes me stand out among my friends who only speak Mandarin, and I enjoy my uniqueness, a long time since I last did. Some Cantonese still believe that I am a bit off, but I acknowledge the benefit of being able to speak the language, whatever flavor it is. When I was chatting with a local cleaner in Cantonese, she was relieved that some kids still used it in a school where so many did not. I feel the bond of language again after being alienated for so long.

Finally accepting my mother tongue brings me more than another linguistic option. It has taught me that some of my quirks are not to be embarassed of, hidden, or fixed. I should be proud of them in that they tell a distinct story of myself and gift me with a special perspective that enables new connections. They are not fears. They are meaningful. They make what I am.