__Prompt__: Describe how you plan to pursue your academic interests at USC. Please feel free to address your first- and second-choice major selections. (_250 word_ limit)

I know that computer science, unlike popular perception, is more than obscure code: it enhances our intuitive experience immensely. I realized this after developing a live commenting system that enriched audience interactions at a performance. By sharing their love for particular moments in the show, audiences felt more connected to the performance, and did not merely watch it as passive observers.

At USC’s Institute for Creative Technologies (ICT), I will learn the application of VR in entertainment and social interaction to deliver effective and user-friendly solutions, guided by the interdisciplinary mix of computer graphics and cognitive psychology. Incorporating elements of VR, my future projects can deliver an immersive experience even better than my live commenting system. Implementing such a novel design will give me a fresh insight into user experience, an invaluable asset to my career development.

I can then transform my knowledge in creating immersive experiences to tangible products, thanks to USC’s generous support for entrepreneurship. (Inter)Nationally renowned, the Trojan Family will provide much needed assistance in starting a business, be it mentorship, networks, or venture funding. There are also programs on campus that will foster the entrepreneurial spirit in me. Through the Min Family Engineering Social Entrepreneurship Challenge, I can pursue my goal of enhancing experiences while meeting social needs. Its workshops will teach me skills for validating market demographics and size, as well as prioritizing the objectives of a startup, and I will have an opportunity to showcase my passion for cultivating new kinds of user experience.