__Prompt__: Describe something outside of your intended academic focus about which you are interested in learning. (_250 word_ limit)

Does technology promote the pursuit of knowledge? I first stumbled upon this question when conducting ﻿a research project about the history of science during the early modern period. I explored how the rise of empiricism and the improvement of experimental technology facilitated the spread of new scientific outcomes. With results based on more detailed observations and more accuracy when replicating studies, peer review became more feasible and scientists achieved consensus faster. I was thrilled to see that even at the dawn of modern science, technical advancement was already a part of the scientific approach to fundamental truth, a discovery that formed my belief in a positive answer to my question. Therefore, I would like to continue pursuing history of the interaction between technology and science that would give historical insights into my question.

To answer my question, I will also need a contemporary perspective by analyzing the influence of technology in spreading important information in society. I've benefited tremendously from information technology and have always appreciated its contribution to a world with more egalitarian access to information. However, in recent years, algorithms for personalizing user experiences have created a "filter bubble" that polarized opinions and threatened civic discourse. The unexpected results of a well-intended technology prompt me to learn how technology can inherently incorporate certain values that can produce lasting social influence. Approaching the question historically and contemporarily, I can fully understand technology's role in spreading knowledge, which might have practical implications for my career in technology.