__Prompt__: While the world as a whole may be more technologically advanced than ever before, the National Academy of Engineering (NAE) has outlined 14 Grand Challenges that engineers should focus on to improve life on the planet.  Learn about the Grand Challenges at [www.engineeringchallenges.org](http://www.engineeringchallenges.org) and tell us which challenge is most important, and why. (_250 word_ limit)

When I explored nanomaterials in quantum chemistry, their fascinating possibilities were rendered pale by the barriers of simulation. Even representing their natural states - finding the most stable states with the lowest energy - resulted in hours of computation on my quad-core laptop. More desperate is that the time cost rises exponentially with respect to system size; adding an atom may double the requirements of computational resources. In this sense, supercomputers are more advanced than mine only by a dozen atoms. Simulating microscopic materials might be as hard as manufacturing them, and the purpose of accelerating the discovery process by virtualizing it meets the limitations of reality.

A new hope emerges when engineers develop revolutionary tools of scientific discovery. A potential solution to my frustration, quantum computers that have emerged recently are naturally effective for simulating quantum structures, which no longer takes hours of computation but quantum bits inherently like atoms. The exciting breakthrough reduces computational time by orders of magnitude and can bring the availability of exotic materials within grasp, and the instrument might also inaugurate a new era for other Grand Challenges. Using quantum computers, we can discover efficient cells for solar energy, compute protein folding for reverse-engineering the brain, and simulate chemical reactions for engineering better medicine, all at an unforeseen pace. Engineering tools for scientific discovery therefore stands out as the most important challenge, bearing impact on almost every aspect of humanity. With proper tools, we can materialize grand visions that otherwise will remain ideals.