__Prompt__: Successful students at Johns Hopkins make the biggest impact by collaborating with others, including peers, mentors, and professors. Talk about a time, in or outside the classroom, when you worked with others and what you learned from the experience. (_300-400 words_)

"Our goal is to discover anomalies that lead to new extraordinary materials," said Professor Washington from his home at West Point. The exhilaration on day one was so unreal, compared to the burnout I had staring at my essay-like email, and the short, confused reply. This was the third time in a row that I received a "please elaborate." And the time difference of twelve hours did not help it; when I sent out a note for help, Professor was probably sleeping, and when I received his response, he was going to sleep again. Sometimes, I wondered if entering an international research program was right for me, not to say studying the magic-sounding field of computational quantum chemistry; sometimes, I just doubted if I could write clear English. It seemed like rather than discovering quantum anomalies, I was discovering anomalies in myself.

"Why am I so ineffective in communicating my ideas?" I asked frustratedly in our weekly Zoom meeting.

"Well, there's a saying that 'a picture is worth a thousand words,' so if you write me three 300-word emails each week, which sum up to 900 words, you'd be better off by sending me a picture instead," said Professor wittily. The humor amused me at the other end of the screen and drived me to review my emails. They were not ambiguous, but they were not easy to read either. For a professor who taught and conducted his own research, a high school essay was not the most interesting source to examine. What he preferred would be a beautiful graph that told a great story.

I began incorporating diagrams into my emails. Colorful lines zigzagged on the white background, as if to trace the change of elusive molecules. Over time, my graphs were increasingly informative and largely reduced my essays to sticky notes. The replies also expectedly morphed into insightful doctor's certificates that addressed the discovered abnormalities. By going visual, I described intriguing cases that begged for investigations. While Professor Washington used his expertise as a source of satisfying answers, I was also able to pose questions that were more interesting. Visualizing rather than verbalizing my thoughts gave me a more intuitive perspective, activating my right brain rather than my left brain. The surprising benefit for my critical thinking reminded me of Einstein's quote, "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." If I could not let Professor see the picture, how well could I see it myself?

Today, whenever I am giving a presentation, I always remind myself about the lesson I learned: Just as less is more, intuition is better than intellect, and communicating with others effectively requires communicating with oneself effectively first. There is also another lesson that applies to every situation. Just like how quantum anomalies can lead to better materials, by reflecting on the anomaly in my communication, I discovered a better self of a collaborative researcher.