**Prompt**: While not a requirement, have you been interviewed by an alumni or on campus representative prior to applying for admission? If so, indicate _the name of your interviewer_ and tell us _how it impacted your decision_ to apply. (_500 word_ maximum.)

I had a fruitful interview on Nov. 4 with Mr. Zeyang Li (SCS '10). Zeyang is the co-founder of ChillyRoom, a game startup that has won recognition both in China and abroad. The conversation with Zeyang reaffirmed my belief that CMU prepares students as future leaders by providing a versatile skillset through rigorous, interdisciplinary academic programs.

Zeyang mentioned that his research opportunity in the School of Computer Science provided him the basis of continuous learning for his career. This research opportunity came about when he reached out to his computer graphics professor as an undergraduate and authored an original article. Though not a researcher anymore, Zeyang said the skill of reading literature enabled him to follow the latest trends in academia and apply cutting-edge research outcomes on computer graphics to his games. His experience of effective learning through research is something I can attest to. When conducting computational quantum chemistry research on supercapacitors, I was exposed to knowledge far beyond the high school curriculum, such as quantum mechanics and parallel data processing. Though producing different outcomes, our research experiences showed that learning by research is powerful for acquiring new knowledge. Therefore, I am delighted to learn about the availability of research opportunities at SCS, which, according to Zeyang, means that virtually anyone with a good and novel idea can start a research project. I look forward to exploring many fields of computer science under faculty mentorship. I plan to research under Professor Yiming Yang on the BIGDATA project that utilizes heteregeneous information for making recommendations that consider user context, which can substantially increase my project's effectiveness.

Apart from computer science, Zeyang told me that he obtained an Art minor at CMU that had become his core competency, reflecting CMU's interdisciplinary focus. A long-time gamer, he had wanted to acquire artistic skills that would transform him from a game player into a game creator. CMU's offering was unique and attractive for him, since it was (and is) one of the few schools that is highly ranked in both art and computer science programs. Though Zeyang did not create the artwork for his games, his art minor helped him recruit the artists in his team and coordinate with them. He believes well-rounded experts are crucial to startups that can only support a handful of employees, and his talents at both CS and art make him stand out as a leader. I have been thinking about the influence of structural elements, like design, on user experience, and hearing from his experience, I am glad to find that the intersection of CS and design naturally occurs at CMU. I look forward to enrolling in the "Programming Usable Interfaces" course, in which I can learn the iterative design cycle of user interfaces through user feedback. This would help me to deliver a more user-friendly user interface that encourages activity on the personalized reading service that I am developing, thereby increasing its impact.

Zeyang also shared how CMU’s culture influenced his professional values. During his undergraduate years, he was constantly surrounded by dedicated people, characterized by the school motto "my heart is in the work." When taking demanding upper-level courses, such as the ones on operation systems and compilers, he struggled to complete the coursework. He appreciated his commitment to working hard at the time, which has given him the confidence in solving any technical problems that he now encounters in his career. It was inspirational to hear that the four years at CMU have a long-lasting impact that has gifted him with fearless leadership. Joining the CMU community, I hope to advance the science of learning, a key subject from CMU's strategic recommendations with the interdisciplinary fusion of expertise - psychology, decision science, computer science and more - and realize the university's mission of transforming the future by collaborating with brilliant minds.