**Prompt**: Please submit a _one page, single-spaced (approx. 600 words)_ essay that explains why you have chosen Carnegie Mellon and your particular _major(s), department(s) or program(s)_. This essay should include the reasons why you've chosen the major(s), _any goals or relevant work plans_ and any other information you would like us to know. For freshmen applying to more than one college or program, please mention each college or program to which you are applying. Because our admission committees review applicants by college and program, your essay can impact our final decision. Candidates applying for early decision or transfer may apply to only one college and department.

CMU's vision, mission, and strategic plans mark the school as unconventional in its cutting-edge education and research that foster transformative impact. As an advocate for benefiting humanity with technology and a programmer, I created a personalized reading service that boosts access to high-quality articles found on social media. To improve its effectiveness, I will require a higher proficiency in theoretical and practical computer science, and, equally important, a complete understanding of its broader implications, all provided by CMU, especially its School of Computer Science. These qualities can prepare me to be more than just another programming whiz, but to be a modern specialist with a rounded perspective.

Currently, the data processing part of my project suffers from redundancy. To avoid dirty hacks or poking at fancy libraries, yet not understanding why, a deep understanding of CS theories may develop my insight to this problem. One of the few that includes functional programming, the core curriculum has an unparalleled depth. In "Principles of Functional Programming," the elegant programming paradigm I learn will enable me to write correct programs with right abstractions. Completing this course can formalize my previous knowledge of FP and help me logically reduce the redundancy, under the perspective of data processing as mathematical transformations. The course will be a powerful tool in my toolbox, which, through the completion of other core courses, can become versatile and adaptable to various contexts.

A skillful programmer might still find it difficult selecting the best arena for his abilities. Fortunately, SCS offers courses that allow experimentation with applications in different areas. Prizing innovation, it offers "Applied Machine Learning," where I can apply cutting-edge approaches to text processing, text categorization, and information retrieval, as well as the methodology for systematic performance evaluations. The course is highly relevant to my project, in which I apply techniques such as support vector machine and naive Bayes classifier. Methods such as cross validation confirm the algorithms' performances under a single metric, yet I desire to gain a more holistic view. The deepened understanding of machine learning applications and their comprehensive evaluations would support the evolution of my project and strengthen its robustness. Other courses also innovatively approach real-life problems, such as "Personalized Online Learning" with its novel mix of cognitive psychology and AI.The intensive exposure to the implementation of technological solutions offers valuable insight into the practical side of computer science that would prepare me to solve emerging challenges in this ever-changing world.

However, I realize that problem solving involves aspects beyond the technological alone. Effective problem solvers should equip themselves with a holistic framework that leads to questions that matter and justifies solutions based on a careful investigation of their social and philosophical implications. A promoter of this essential quality, CMU encourages its students to critically reflect on the impact of their disciplinary knowledge by offering interdisciplinary courses at Dietrich College. In "Computing, AI, and Philosophy," a course that blends philosophy and sociology with computer science, I would gain a comprehensive understanding of the power of computation and issues arising from it. Viewing this subject dialectically lets me identify my possible bias as a technologist and will allow me to ask the right questions and develop effective and ethical solutions.

The theory and practice of computer science, and the understanding of its social and philosophical impacts respond to my personal project's needs and build essential skills for me. I will be ready to contribute to the broader society outside of the ivory tower by contributing to the strategic plans. The objectives of the Simon Initiative appeal to me especially, as it strives to trigger a paradigm shift in education. Enthralled by the vision's courage to initiate a revolution, I hope to join the LearnLab, a flagship project of the Simon Initiative, and modernize current educational methodology by innovating next-generation products that would eliminate out-of-date didactic methods. The ultimate answer to my project's motivation, a large-scale personalized learning system that values instant positive feedback loops will be my goal. My efforts would resonate with CMU's vision of having "a transformative impact on society" that is theory-based, practical, and comprehensive.