**Prompt**: Explain your interest in the major you selected and describe how you have recently explored or developed this interest inside and/or outside the classroom. You may also explain how this major relates to your future career goals. If you're applying to the Division of General Studies, explain your academic interests and strengths or your future career goals. You may include any majors or areas of study you're currently considering. Limit your response to _300 to 400 words_.

Computer science, unlike the popular perception, is more than the left-brain analytics: it is also a field of right-brain design and creativity that can enhance our experience in a way previously unimaginable.

I first realized this when my live commenting system was used at a performance. Within clicks, user comments were projected onto a screen for all to see before sliding away as newer comments took their place, giving teenagers a chance to demonstrate their brilliance and escape loneliness. I felt happy hearing the crowd’s cheerful responses to the performance onstage, as through my creation, audiences, who used to passively accept performances, became a part of them. With those texts, their voices reached others, which in turn sparked responses from their peers, so that we were no longer islands in the sea, but a network of voices and ideas, empowering the audience with the ability to ‘use’ the performance as a basis for deeper interactions with others.

My positive experience with computer science motivates me to continue exploring this field and leads me to CS @ Illinois that has a tradition of excellence. It boasts over 100 upper-level courses that make every focus in CS possible. Among them are cutting-edge courses, such as the offering of undergraduate virtual reality course, a move that outpaced the rest of schools in the nation. After this course, incorporating elements of VR, my future projects can deliver an immersive experience even better than my live commenting system. To achieve this goal, I will learn the application of VR in entertainment and social interaction that delivers effective and user-friendly solutions, guided by the interdisciplinary mix of computer graphics and cognitive psychology. Implementing such a novel design will give me a fresh insight into user experience, an invaluable asset to my career development.

Meanwhile, through the trailblazing curriculum, CS @ Illinois has fostered an abundance of innovative companies. Following this tradition, a variety of entrepreneurship programs is available that can transform my knowledge in the VR course to tangible products. For example, in the NSF I-Corps program, the entrepreneurship-specialized curriculum will teach me skills for validating the demographics and size of market, as well as prioritizing the objectives of a startup. With these strengths, testing my ideas around VR can follow a methodology rather than relying on intuition, and the $2,000 grant in the program can kick off my prototype of an exciting idea without worrying about the fund.

The seamless mixture of an unconventional curriculum and an innovative impact at CS @ Illinois enthralls me. The extraordinary experience will not only provide me with a glimpse into the future of CS, but also empower me to implement future, now.