**Prompt**: Everyone belongs to many different communities and/or groups defined by (among other things) shared geography, religion, ethnicity, income, cuisine, interest, race, ideology, or intellectual heritage. Choose one of the communities to which you belong, and _describe that community and your place within it. (100-300 words)_

I belong to the school programming club, which develops programs that make students' life easier. For example, lately, we released a bot that automatically checked if the October SAT scores were released, which relieved seniors who desperately wanted to be closer with their dream colleges. Apart from the little bot, we also develop online systems that enhance interactions in major campus activities, and we are proud of the positive social impact and feedback from peers. Through our mission to encourage participation in computer science activities, I have realized my unique position in the club: I am its ambassador and I raise awareness and engage people to join our activities by showing them our efforts. I can be a persuasive writer who uses analogy, statistics, and humor to bridge the gap between the computer world and the larger world. In January, to introduce the Canadian Computing Contest, I wrote an announcement that went viral. The post started by mocking the dull and uninformative official announcement from last year: why would anyone join the contest after reading it? As most contestants would be AP Computer Science students, I pointed out the contest's reasonable difficulty by showing the similarity between past problems and AP CS ones. In the past year, an absolute majority of contestants received awards, and I included this statistic as an incentive. Throughout the article, I repeatedly wrote, "If you feel convinced, don't wait and text [phone number] NOW!" which parodied a well-known shopping ad and demonstrated our eagerness. Non-CS students were amused, and even more CS students joined the contest, despite the CS class size being a third that of the previous year’s.