**Prompt**: Describe the unique qualities that attract you to the specific undergraduate College or School (including preferred admission and dual degree programs) to which you are applying at the University of Michigan. How would that curriculum support your interests? _(100-550 words)_

As a programmer and advocate for benefiting humanity with technology, I created a personalized reading service that boosts access to high-quality articles found on social media. To improve its effectiveness, I will require a higher proficiency in foundational and practical computer science, and, equally important, a comprehensive understanding of its broader implications, all of which are provided by the university, especially its computer science program under the College of Engineering. These qualities can prepare me to be more than just another programming whiz, but to be a modern specialist with a rounded perspective.

The key to a successful CS career is the ability to implement complex products that would support practical exploration in the field. To me, the foundational skill of a successful programmer is writing programs that are both correct and efficient. These two seemingly complementary goals, nevertheless, are often in conflict and require the deepest expertise in computer science, confirmed by my experience as a programming contestant who aimed at correctly implementing efficient data structures and algorithms under time limits. Therefore, the fact that the CS department sets such a high demand of both correctness and efficiency starting from introductory courses amazes me. The introductory course of "Data Structures and Algorithms," for example, is taught in C++. The complex nature of advanced data structures and algorithms requires the deepest understanding of their implementations, more so when in C++, a programming language that gives users high performance yet has the most complicated features. The course can strengthen the knowledge I gained preparing for programming contests, and I expect intensive debugging when testing my programs, the experience of which can be invaluable to my further development. The course will be a powerful tool in my toolbox, which, through the completion of other core courses, can become versatile and adaptable to various contexts.

A skillful programmer might still find it difficult selecting the best arena for his abilities. Fortunately, the computer science program offers courses that allow experimentation with applications in different areas. Prizing innovation, it offers "Introduction to Machine Learning," a course highly relevant to my project, as I can apply cutting-edge approaches to real-life text processing. The deepened understanding of the interaction between machine learning and its applications would support the evolution of my project and strengthen its robustness. Many other courses similarly provide opportunities to approach various real-life problems through novel methods. The intensive exposure to the implementation of technological solutions offers valuable insight into the practical side of computer science that would aid my future study and career in this field.

However, I realize that problem solving involves aspects beyond the technological alone. Effective problem solvers should equip themselves with a holistic framework that leads to questions that matter and justifies solutions based on a careful investigation of their social and philosophical implications. Amid the anxiety around AI, each time thinking about my project, I wonder: What is artificial intelligence? How is it different from or similar as the human mind? I do not expect to get an answer, but to gain a critical overview of possible answers, in the course "The Philosophy of Mind." From this course that discusses central propositions of the mind, I will learn metaphysical intrepretations of intelligent systems, which lead to a multifaceted understanding of my work. Viewing the subject of AI from multiple dimensions lets me identify potential concerns and possible directions of future investigations and will guide me to maintain a relationship between users and my product compatible with ethics. These components of my academic experience would resonate with the university's mission of challenging the present and enriching the future that would be a rigorous, practical, and comprehensive process.