__Prompt__: We would like to know more about your interest in NYU. We are particularly interested in knowing what motivated you to apply to NYU and more specifically, why you have applied or expressed interest in a particular campus, school, college, program, and/or area of study? Ifyou have applied to more than one, please tell us why you are interested in each of the campuses, schools, colleges, or programs to which you have applied. You may be focused or undecided, or simply open to the options within NYU's global network; regardless, we want to understand - Why NYU? (_400 word_ maximum)

NYU's borderless campus reflects its ideal of a borderless education. An advocate for benefiting humanity with technology and a programmer, I seek to understand technology's influence on society and create meaningful impact with it. NYU's excellence in its breadth of academics, as well as its active outreach, can prepare me as a effective problem solver for real-world challenges.

Cooperating with the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, the computer science program offers theoretical courses that will build a persisting foundation for the subject's application. A step to create impact with programming, my personalized reading project empowers readers to easily find high-quality articles. It can assist users by prioritizing excellent writing that matches their interests, yet a better reading experience requires a deepened theoretical background in machine learning. Therefore, I am looking forward to enrolling in the course "Introduction to Machine Learning," which presents an introductory overview of machine learning algorithms. After this course, I can assess the effectiveness of different techniques and apply the ones that match my project's scenario. The result will be a more robust service that can serve a more diverse user base.

Having created a larger influence, I will explore big questions on the relationship between technology and humanity. Since I started my project, I have been wondering: If a computer program can recommend intellectual reading tailored to a human's need, does it acquire a human-like intelligence? If so, what does it mean for us humans, whose primary characteristics include intelligence? My questions will meet some insight from the course "Minds and Machines" at NYU's world-class philosophy department. After completing the course, I will not only develop possible answers to my questions, but also better understand technology's role in the human society and take a user-oriented approach in my future work.

Owning the right skillset and mindset, I can transform them into practical effects by engaging with the public. I am especially interested in joining hackNY, whose missions include serving underserved communities by using technical skills. By working for those who need help, I can extend the philosophy of my project - that the equality of access to information matters - to a socioeconomic aspect. Such work will not only give me valuable experience for a career of computer science, but also realize my vision of technology for positive social impact.