__Prompt__: Do you believe your academic record (transcript information and test scores) provide an accurate representation of you as a student? Why or why not? _(250-300 words)_

Taking AP World History gave me more than an A: it offered me a new framework of thinking. When we discussed the age of revolution in Europe, Marxism shed a light on the conflict between the proletariats and the bourgeoisie. Workers suffered from, what a Marxist would call, "alienation." Under the rise of capitalism, they were only a "factor of production," whose sole value was to provide labor. Their immeasurable qualities as human, such as creativity and uncertainty, became obsolete. They were alienated from their human natures.

Today, alienation still exists; worst, it harms the majority of us who are still unnoticed. Under the banner of connecting the world, products of tech giants often weaken the connections between us. Our interactions become fragile and mechanical, and genuine emotions vanish. For instance, Google Photos has a feature called "Suggested Sharing." It can share your best photos automatically with your friends. All you have to do is click a button. Seems handy, doesn't it? However, imagine receiving photos from a friend who uses this feature, do you still feel the same happiness knowing it could just be an unintentional click?. Likewise, do you still bother taking time to choose photos and recollect memories? This feature of Google Photos diminishes the meaning of sharing, degenerating it into the random noise of finger movements. It deprives users of their autonomy in making meaningful connections to others, in the same way capitalism deprives workers of their autonomy in production.

Perceiving the negative effects of technology prompts me to use it for the better; I initiated a personalized reading service that helps users find their favorite articles. Meanwhile, I realize that being programmers means more than knowing how to code; they must critically evaluate the impact of their work to create things that matter. My academics reflect my learning as a whole person: I not only earned an A in history, but also would earn an A for my life.