**Prompt**: How do you show leadership in your life? How do you see yourself being a leader at UT Austin? _(250-300 words)_

My fellow programming club members and I set up a live stream for our school's Christmas eve performance, which also doubled as our homecoming event. Alumni were surprised to see the we had adopted the latest technologies to create a more inclusive and interactive experience. Alumni who could not attend the live show could immerse themselves in the atmosphere via the live stream and interact with the rest of the audience through our live commenting system that projected their texts onto a screen. This new experience attracted over two hundred alumni studying in four countries. To buy the necessary camera and networking devices, we launched a crowdfunding campaign on WeChat that gained donations from hundreds of alumni and parents. The live stream boosted my club's influence, expanded its areas of activity, and the remaining funds from the campaign supported future activities. When we first started out, we had not planned on such success and were stressed over funding and attracting enough online viewership. The live stream setup was also hastily done. UT Austin’s official support of entrepreneurship would reduce such stresses significantly for my next project. Groups like the Longhorn Startup can help me identify and test existing needs by systematic approaches. I would then be able to rapidly develop prototypes that can be delivered on schedule. The various funding source available will also allow me to focus my full efforts on developing my idea in its initial stage. The supportive, entrepreneur-friendly culture would enable me to hold on to my vision and ideas and execute them well.