**Prompt**: Describe an example of your leadership experience in which you have positively influenced others, helped resolve disputes, or contributed to group efforts over time. _(350 words maximum)_

My school, as a microcosm of society, similarly suffers from technological inequality. Individuals that were exposed to computer science at an early age explore the field with the massive amount of resources and build essential skills that will benefit them for their lifetime. On the other hand, many believe that the magic of programming is only for the "smartest kids" and hesitate to explore the field that is open to everyone. At the programming club, representatives of the technological minds, we value equality and believe technology should not be a privilege. Therefore, one of our missions is to encourage participation in computer science activities, and as the club's president and ambassador, I raise awareness and engage people to join our activities. I can be a persuasive writer who uses analogy, statistics, and humor to bridge the gap between the computer world and the larger world. In January, to introduce the Canadian Computing Contest, I wrote an announcement that went viral. The post started by mocking the dull and uninformative official announcement from last year: why would anyone join the contest after reading it? As most contestants would be AP Computer Science students, I pointed out the contest's reasonable difficulty by showing the similarity between past problems and AP CS ones. In the past year, an absolute majority of contestants received awards, and I included this statistic as an incentive. Throughout the article, I repeatedly wrote, "If you feel convinced, don't wait and text [phone number] NOW!" which parodied a well-known shopping ad and demonstrated our eagerness. Non-CS students were amused, and even more CS students joined the contest, despite the CS class size being a third that of the previous year’s. The post-contest feedback was positive: contestants found the joy of writing programs that solved interesting problems, and participating in the contest dispelled the myth that programming was mundane. The outcome reflects my leadership that appeals to different groups of people by addressing their concerns and providing effective incentive, which, in the future, might enable me to contribute to any groups whose missions resonate with me.