**Prompt**: What have you done to make your school or your community a better place? _(350 words maximum)_

I have consistently employed technology for enhancing the connections in our school. I realized this when my live commenting system was first used at the 2015 Christmas Eve performance. Within clicks, user sent comments onto a screen for all to see before sliding away as newer comments took their place, giving teenagers a chance to demonstrate their brilliance and escape loneliness. I felt happy hearing the crowd’s cheerful responses to the performance onstage, as through my creation, audiences, who used to passively accept performances, became a part of them. With those texts, their voices reached others, which in turn sparked responses from their peers, so that we were no longer islands in the sea, but a network of voices and ideas, empowering the audience with the ability to ‘use’ the performance as a basis for deeper interactions with others.

In the second year, we wanted to spread the system's impact beyond the current student body. The Christmas Eve performance was also a homecoming event, but many alumni could not return, so we decided to let them feel home by live streaming the performance with the system. On the Eve, over 200 alumni from four countries viewed the live stream, and many of them expressed their surprise and joy of immersing into the performance even if they were thousands of miles away. As international students, some of them stayed on campus alone while their peers reunited with their families. I was glad that our project provided a sense of relief by connecting them to their home. The dim light on their screens offered warmth reminiscing of the past that surpassed distance to overcome loneliness.

The Internet is not just virtual. It is real as it connects us to the best of others and the best of our things. This valuable transformative quality is prevailing throughout the connected world and my school should be no exception. Therefore, I am dedicated to realize it within my school. Through our efforts, my peers and I are building not only a more tight-knit student community but also a better part of the vast world.