**Prompt**: Beyond what has already been shared in your application, what do you believe makes you stand out as a strong candidate for admissions to the University of California? _(350 words maximum)_

Learning to program from scratch, I stumbled upon a world of abundant resources, where enthusiasts shared everything they knew to help newcomers. Their passion impressed me: all I had to do was ask, instead of struggling to learn on my own. This inspired me to create the live commenting system that displayed real-time reactions to events, which formed a positive feedback loop by establishing further connections within networks.

However, as I explore and critically evaluate technology's impact, I find the larger reality often contradicts my experience. Under the banner of connecting the world, products of tech giants often weaken the connections between us. For instance, Google Photos features "Suggested Sharing," which can recommend photos to share and with whom and even automatically send photos to designated people. All come with clicking a button. Handy, right? However, imagine receiving photos from a friend who uses this feature, do you still feel the same happiness knowing it could just be an unintentional click? Likewise, do you still bother taking time to choose photos and recollect memories? This feature of Google Photos diminishes the meaning of sharing, since it deprives users of their autonomy in making meaningful connections to others.

I'm unwilling to see technology diminish the connections between people. Instead, I desire personalized experiences that would heighten what we treasure most about human interactions. Therfore, I have created a personalized reading app that provides high-quality articles from Zhihu, a popular social Q&A website. It connects them to others who share their passion, and brings them in contact with their better parts, stimulating their intellect and drawing out their unique strengths. Additionally, they can redirect their time on seeking interesting content to the offline world, developing deeper connections with their significant ones. Two benefits in one app! Doing this also preserves my belief in the agency of individuals and communities, who can take positive steps to create the products fundamental to their daily lives, instead of relinquishing it to the tech giants. Together and connected, we can mitigate its negative effects and proactively use it to bring people closer.